docs: connect multiple Substra orgs (#198)
Substra/substra-documentation: docs/source/operations/howto/connect-organizations.rst

For the ``backend-1-values.yaml`` file.

.. code-block:: yaml

   addAccountOperator:
     users: [...]
     incomingOrganizations:
       - name: ORG1NAME
         secret: SECRET_ORG2_ORG1
         channel: CHANNEL
     outgoingOrganizations:
       - name: ORG1NAME
         secret: SECRET_ORG1_ORG2

For the ``backend-2-values.yaml`` file.

Deploy the updated chart
========================

Now that you have updated your values you can either continue your deployment or update a deployed app.

To update a deployed Substra application run:

.. code-block:: bash

   helm upgrade RELEASE-NAME substra/substra-backend --version VERSION --values VALUES-FILE

| Replace ``RELEASE-NAME`` with the name of your substra backend release.
  You can retrieve it with ``helm list``.
| Replace ``VERSION`` with the version of the substra backend helm chart you want to deploy.
| Replace ``VALUES-FILE`` with the values file. In our example, ``backend-1-values.yaml`` for the first backend and ``backend-2-values.yaml`` for the second one.

This will update the kubernetes resources to reflect your changes.

Validate that organizations are connected
=========================================

> We provide a small utility on the Substra backend server to test which nodes are accessible from the current node.

Reviewer: Should it be "organization" here?

*************************************
How to link multiple Substra backends
*************************************

> This guide shows you how to enable communications between two Substra backends to make them exchange assets.

Author: They can exchange only Algo and Models.

> This guide shows you how to enable communications between two Substra backends to make them exchange assets.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This guide shows you how to enable communication between two Substra backends to allow them to exchange assets.
```

This can be achieved either at deployment time or when the bakcend is already deployed.

Prerequisites
=============

You will need `Helm <https://helm.sh>`_.

Updating your Helm values
=========================

> For the purpose of this guide we will use a setup with three Substra backends as shown in :ref:`Figure 1 <figure-1>`.

Reviewer: If I get it right there are three organizations, but **two** backends only no?

.. _figure-1:

> .. mermaid:: diagrams/howto-link-backends-channels.mmd

Reviewer: Do you think a representation like this would be more explicit? 
<img width="503" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/90057687/193816573-4ad28c2e-bbec-46a7-a7bd-d8e564683593.png">

Reviewer: I'm not sure if the orchestrator should be part of an organization or not

Author: I think adding an orchestrator here would be confusing since there is no Orchestrator in this how to and it's never involved in this kind of assets exchange.

Another issue I have with this diagram is that it could imply that we can have multiple backends per organization. While in theory this is possible it is completely untested and I am not sure it is possible.

Reviewer: Yes that's true, maybe we could add a similar figure in a higher level page in the documentation, and indicate that if the user follows all the How-to guides, he will end up with this setup in place (but that's for later).

> **Figure 1.** A channel with three nodes

Reviewer: What is the role of MyOrg3? Is it because you plan to update the doc to include a third backend?

Author: I was hesitant on this but when writing the doc it felt confusing with 3 orgs. It was to add an org that is not included in the asset exchange loop.

Reviewer: So from what I understand, MyOrg3 would be in the same channel as MyOrg1 and MyOrg2, but the user wouldn't be able to train a model on data from (MyOrg3 plus (MyOrg1 and/or MyOrg2)) that's it ? 

For simplicity of understanding, I would suggest to either consider a scenario where the 3 organizations can communicate, or to keep only two if you think that it feels too confusing when writing the doc. 

But happy to get your feedback or the one from other reviewers as well!

In this setup we want MyOrg1 to exchange assets with MyOrg2.
We will assume that you have two values files with the configuration for your existing deployment, one for each organization named: ``backend-1-values.yaml``, ``backend-2-values.yaml``.

Configure matching values for your 2 :term:`Organizations <Organization>`:

> #. Create accounts for MyOrg2 on MyOrg1.

Reviewer: Create an account

   | Replace ``CHANNEL`` with the name of a :term:`Channel` MyOrg1 and MyOrg2 are part of. This needs to be one of the channels defined in the :ref:`Backend channel configuration <backend-channel-config>`. 

#. Configure MyOrg1 to use the right password when connecting to MyOrg2.
   In the ``backend-1-values.yaml`` file add the following content under the ``addAccountOperator`` key:

   .. code-block:: yaml
 
      outgoingOrganizations:
        - name: ORG2NAME
          secret: SECRET_ORG2_ORG1

   | Replace ``ORG2NAME`` with the name of the organization. In our example it would be ``MyOrg2``.
   | Replace ``SECRET_ORG2_ORG1`` with the password defined for MyOrg1 in ``backend-2-values.yaml``.

#. Configure MyOrg2 to use the right password when connecting to MyOrg1.
   In the ``backend-2-values.yaml`` file add the following content under the ``addAccountOperator`` key:

   .. code-block:: yaml
  
      outgoingOrganizations:
        - name: ORG1NAME
          secret: SECRET_ORG1_ORG2

   | Replace ``ORG1NAME`` with the name of the organization. In our example it would be ``MyOrg1``.

>    | Replace ``SECRET_ORG1_ORG2`` with the password defined for MyOrg2 in ``backend-1-values.yaml``.

Reviewer 2: Since all this conf is a bit confusing, I think it would be very useful to add a summary. Something like:

Your configuration files should look like this:

```yaml
      # backend-1-values.yaml
      addAccountOperator:
        incomingOrganizations:
          - name: ORG2NAME
            secret: SECRET_ORG1_ORG2
            channel: CHANNEL
        outgoingOrganizations:
          - name: ORG2NAME
            secret: SECRET_ORG2_ORG1
```

```yaml
      # backend-2-values.yaml
      addAccountOperator:
        incomingOrganizations:
          - name: ORG1NAME
            secret: SECRET_ORG2_ORG1
            channel: CHANNEL
        outgoingOrganizations:
          - name: ORG1NAME
            secret: SECRET_ORG1_ORG2
```

Deploy the updated chart
========================

> Now that you have updated your values you can either continue your deployment or updated a deployed app.

Reviewer: typo: update

> Now that you have updated your values you can either continue your deployment or update a deployed app.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Now that you have updated your values you can either create a new deployment or update an existing one.
```

To update a deployed Substra application run:

.. code-block:: bash

>    helm upgrade RELEASE-NAME substra/substra-backend --version VERSION --values backend-1-values.yaml

Reviewer 2: Maybe obvious, but mention that they should do it for org-2 too?
